ears to men here's the bros bros before
hoes here's to chest bumps with hot
chicks here's two dogs that outweigh you
cars that outweigh your house and
anything measured in shit loads here's
the not being a homosexual about eating
spicy food here's to bumming a cigarette
off of John Madden here's to robert e
lee arm wrestling a bald eagle for
freedom here's to making both ends meet
here's to sculpting a tiny village out
of meat and then eating it and then
belching in your dog's face here's to
punching guys in the face because
whatever here's you're not asking for
directions even if you've never
administered a meningitis vaccine before
here's to building a hut for a mongoose
cuz you know fuckin well you're gonna
catch one tonight here's the racist
mascots here's the smelling what The
Rock is cooking and goddamn and that
doesn't smell like a hippie here's to
finding the Virgin Mary burnt into your
toast and then making the holiest
goddamn patty melt you've ever tasted
here's to putting broads in casts and
not broadcast journalism here's to
Gloria's hymen not Gloria Steinem here's
to man's best friend the cybernetic
robo-dog gun rack mini fridge that
shit's porno and here's the guys with
male urinary symptoms due to an enlarged
prostate introducing extreme extreme
fights against shrinking bladder
asking for a light beer instead of a
stout picking up the kids from karate
cuz your wife's lady busy she's a busy
lady lack of control and wind doing
self-assurance and heterosexuality for
you extreme can make the difference in
one week common side effects include
runny nose crying pregnancy bleeding
from the vaginal stump and also an
enlarged prostate for more information
call one eight hundred extreme extreme
streaming at you